Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I have my sweetheart with me today, Diana. She's behind the camera.
She's going to pray with us. Hi. I appreciate so many of you all praying with us last time.
That was heavy. And there was a very heavy atmosphere because of what I was seeing.
I don't carry it, folks. The moment this prayer session is over, I cast my care.
Folks, I've been doing this for what is it now, 30 years plus, I've been praying like this.
I want you to know it's grown. I have to say that it's grown. But when I see like that, people go, 'How do you carry all that?
What do you do? Oh, Brandon, poor Brandon. Oh my goodness.'I put it on a shelf.
It's not my problem. It's not my problem. I don't let it on the inside of me.
The visions and the things that I see, I don't let them on the inside of me.
I give it and then I lay it up there and I go, 'It's not affecting me. I'm not living that.
I'm just a vessel that He uses, an instrument that He prays through to get the job done.'But I refuse to live in that vision.
I'm always in the right place. I'm going to say this—I always say this—I'm always in the right place at the right time.
I'm always doing what He tells me to do at all times. And I'm going to hear Him at all times, and I'm going to see everything He needs me to see at all times.
I won't miss it. I'm going to listen to my Father. And even if I do, I pick myself up and I say, 'Hey, you know what?
I got a skinned knee, but I'm going to keep going.'You don't camp around failure. You don't camp around success. I stay vertical.
Because if you look at your failures or you look at your successes, failures get you to have no confidence at all and you don't want to keep going, and successes give you a big head and you go, 'Well, it's all about me.'No, no, no, no.
It's all about Him. And if you stay vertical and you're always looking at Him, regardless if it's a success or a failure, it's all about Him.
I don't let my eyes get all—it's like, 'Oh, the star-struckness of things.'Who cares?
Keep moving. A success is a success, but guess what? It's yesterday's news after a while. Does that make sense? A failure is a failure.
People will camp around your failures a lot because they are insecure about their own lives and their own abilities and what God's doing with them.
So they want to bring you down and make you camp around your failures.
They like it. So I always say, you know what? Most people don't want to see you successful.
Most people don't want to see you have a big ministry. Most people don't want to see you have a big following or money or anything.
They just want you to stay a little lower than them. A little lower than them.
And so I just want to say that it's the truth. But I'm going to tell you, we don't camp there.
So what do we do? We keep our eyes on Jesus, for we know what is coming.
We know what's coming, and what's coming: a shaking to awaken.
A shaking to awaken. I'm not worried about the shaking to awaken in that moment.
I'm going to tell you yesterday when you all prayed with me, that was heavy.
It was heavy. Why? Because I saw a lot of destruction. I saw a lot of death.
I saw the earthquakes. I saw things on the New Madrid. I saw the asteroid again.
Do you remember I told you I saw a major asteroid that was so big hit outside of the Atlantic Ocean, and it struck down by San Juan, Puerto Rico?
And it was so massive that it created a tsunami wave that covered the islands.
It went clear into Miami. It went clear into Cape Hatteras. All those islands. It was such a major tsunami wave.
It was like 200 stories high—like a huge wave, two huge waves that came in and washed way inland, caused great destruction.
And many people were sucked out to sea. I told you I saw a laser. The United States has lasers now.
I don't know if this is top-secret information, so whatever. I do my best, but I saw lasers.
And it was a green laser, a green-looking laser that hit this rock because missiles were not able to move fast enough to shoot it out of the sky.
So any kind of military missile that was like, you know, like President Trump's wanting to create this new golden dome, the missiles weren't fast enough.
So it was created—I saw lasers on all kinds of parts of the United States that were like a defense.
So, this laser that is around the New Orleans area, God help me, I saw this laser come out of the sky.
And when this asteroid was traveling from west to east, it was moving so fast that there was nothing else that could hit it.
And a laser from the New Orleans area hit this thing in half. And when it did, it disintegrated parts of it, and particles fell down and caused havoc.
But the major big part of it fell in the Atlantic Ocean out by San Juan, Puerto Rico.
And it was so big that it caused all these waves. The waves went clear into Africa.
They went clear into England. It was a massive worldwide event that caused major destruction.
So this is part of the things I see again. I saw the sun. I told you I saw the sun.
I said, 'I see the time of day again, Braden.'I see the time of day again.
The sun is about in the summer because there were leaves on the trees, and I could see the Mississippi Valley.
I could see the sun was going down in the west, but it was right at about a position where the sun was shining upon the trees. I saw the barges going down again.
And what was interesting was the asteroid vision went and coincided with the EMP vision because it was all happening so fast.
I saw Asian men on a barge coming down the Mississippi, going up and down the Mississippi River, harvesting oats, harvesting grains.
And they were taking these grains and these oats back to Asia.
But on this, they had a platform that opened up, and there was a black and white missile that came up out of the belly of this barge that had 'USSR'written on the side of the missile.
And when they did, they got out to the Gulf of America and they put this barge in the middle of the Gulf and they shot that rocket out over the mainland of America.
And when it did, it exploded. And they said, 'It's not going to go high enough.
It's not getting enough altitude going up.'And when it did, it popped and it went over Kentucky, Tennessee, parts of Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, the panhandle of Florida, Pennsylvania, Virginia, over that area.
It did not get far enough to the border of Arkansas and Oklahoma.
But the further it went out, because it didn't get high enough, right? That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
And I'm trying to make this as quick as possible so I don't waste your time.
It went up and it popped, but there was still on the West Coast cell phones, electricity, and things like that.
It was just about the East Coast. Okay. So, there was still power, but there was no cell phones or internet in Oklahoma.
So, this was a very serious vision that I had. And so, the Lord brought it up again.
And He showed this to me again last time. There were so many events I saw.
And this is what I thought was interesting: every major catastrophic event that I have seen came up before me again in that last one.
In that last one, I saw it on timestamps: Earthquakes and Tsunamis Prophecy. And I saw earthquakes. I saw major tsunamis in Japan again.
And it was like it was all like a movie screen of everything that I've ever seen, all happening all at once.
Why? I don't know. Like I said, and whenever you're seeing all that at once, it was so heavy I went quiet.
So that's what I'm trying to explain to you what happened last time so that you know.
Okay. So it is what it is. So there. So, now we're going to go to the journey on Trump's social media, Truth Social.
He sold 50 shares, from what I understand, to 50 different companies, and they bought into it.
Bought into it, I guess, is how I'm seeing it. Please don't butcher me, but I'm just saying they bought into it, right?
So when they did this, he raised $2.5 billion to buy Bitcoin at an all-time high.
Usually people buy low and sell high. I just thought that was interesting.
I don't know if he's purchased the shares of Bitcoin yet, but he's saying he's going to or he's already done it.
Maybe that's what made it go to an all-time high, but now it's crashing back down.
It goes back up, it goes down, it goes up and everything. So it's incredible, isn't it?
So, we just see the whole change of all the things of this new industrial revolution, all of it happening all at once.
It's all changing. Everything's changing. So, when we get to this time next year, what does that look like?
I saw everything will change. Life as you know it will change in a 24-hour period with an event that's coming.
With an event that's coming, everything that we see, everything that we know—just how some events have changed things in the past with Homeland Security and things like that—there'll be things coming in the days ahead that will change everything in a 24-hour period.
And life as you know it will not ever be the same. I saw gardens again.
I saw people growing gardens in their backyards trying to get food because there was no food.
And I kept hearing the Father say, 'There's a great humbling, for they have stuck their nose up to the sky at me.
They have got a stiff neck of pride towards me. And there is a great day of humbling. There are days of humbling coming.
And I just tell you this to warn you.'And he said, 'The remnant, the church that is awake, will hear what's about to take place.'And most of you are hearing it.
If you're on this channel, I'm warning you now. And so you prepare your house. You prepare you. You prepare your mind.
Be prepared, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, and he is the Lord of the harvest.
Many things that you will see in the days ahead, it's because it's one last call.
Like I said, you see all the AI, you see all this stuff. It's just exciting.
Don't you think that the end is coming so quick? People are upset about it.
God told me today, he said, 'Brandon, I don't want you focusing on my coming.
I want you to focus on the task at hand: bring in my harvest. Do not get lost in the rapture and parking yourself there.
Don't get lost in parking yourself around, 'Well, we're heavenbound.'Focus on the war at hand: bringing in the lost and the unsaved to Jesus Christ by the millions.
That's what we should be focusing on right now. There are many people that if they die today, they will not make it.
And those are the ones that he's after. He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
But he's using you and me to do it. And it's going to take finances. So, we need to believe big.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you to get that inward image of the blessing on the inside of you.
Imagine yourself having it. Imagine yourself living it and program your mind.
It's like he told Diana and me today. He said, 'You've had too much poverty on the inside of you.
You have thought too much poverty because you were raised that way.
You've got to change and train your thoughts by renewing your mind on this beautiful Bible more.'He corrected me. He said, 'You need to be in that book more.
You need to be in that Bible more, renewing your mind to what my word says about you instead of that poverty mentality of not enough, always afraid of not having your bills met.'I want you to get—when you get that inward image of the covenant of what God has done for you, of realizing that everything in your life has an expiration date.
Everything in your life has an expiration date. No matter the sickness, if you've had it, picture yourself healed. Picture yourself walking in divine health.
Get an inner image of 'I am healed by the stripes of Jesus.'I get the picture of Megan coming in and sitting right here beside me and telling you that he has healed her.
You have to visualize it inside because that's what I see, and I grab ahold of it by faith.
But if you see yourself always broke, always sick, always defeated, always, then you're going to walk that way.
But I start training myself to think like this Bible tells me I can have it.
I can do what this Bible tells me I can do. By his stripes, I am healed.
What does that look like? Does it look like Megan is right now?
No. So, I refuse to keep seeing her that way. I see her healed, and I see Diana and me blessed.
Do I see us always doing eBay and Poshmark all the time? No. There's an expiration date to that.
I believe full-time ministry without having to think about Poshmark or eBay is coming.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell you all? There is a level of blessing.
There is a level of ministry. I get an inner image of this. And that's what happens every year with Megan.
Every year, I'm saying by my birthday next year, Megan is going to be completely healed by this time.
I believe it. And I have these milestones. On July 3rd is my birthday; July 3rd, I'll be 45.
And I always told Diana by 40 years old, I'm going to be in full-time ministry.
Well, it didn't happen like I thought, but I'm 45, and I basically am in full-time ministry.
Basically, I don't have a big ministry like, you know, some people have, but I have a YouTube ministry, and I have an inward image of what God had told me I'm going to do. And I'm 45 this year.
And I said, 'Five years, I've been quoting, and I even told my family, I said, 'I will be where I'm supposed to be before I'm 50.'I refuse to go by 50 and say, 'Well, I never got where God called me to be.'I believe that God's called me to do what he's called me to do, and I got an inward image of that by 45.
This is my 45th birthday on July 3rd, and I told Diana, I said, 'We're going to believe this, and look, folks, it's just changing your negative, stinking thinking is what I'm trying to tell you.
Changing it and seeing yourself being successful and saying, 'God, I know what your word says about me.
I know what your word says about me, but I see myself doing it because I'm just so done with that me-mouth victim mentality.'And I'm telling you, I played the victim a lot in my life.
'Woe is me, I've had all this. I was a janitor for all these years, and I haven't been real smart and had a real good education.'And I thought, 'You know what?
You're living in that because you keep thinking that way.'Change your stinking thinking.
And where's the scripture to back that up, Brandon? The Lord said, 'You need to put scripture to it.'As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
That's the scripture. As you think in your heart, so are you.
So as you perceive yourself in your heart, that's who you are.
And out of the abundance of your heart—here's another one—your mouth, the power of words, and the heart will speak.
So what's full in your heart is what you'll say out of your mouth. And you may not even realize you're saying it.
Many times you'll walk around and go, 'Well, I'm broke, busted, and disgusted. We never have money to do anything.
We can't even go out to eat dinner,'because you keep saying it out of your mouth.
The Bible says life and death are in the power of your tongue. There's another scripture.
And the more you have an abundance of your heart, the mouth speaks. Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
It's because of what's in your heart in overflow; it's coming out of your mouth.
And you are—the Bible says a man is snared by the words of his mouth.
So, if you have an inward image of the covenant and how much God loves you and how much He'll provide for you, you'll start talking it because you visualize yourself as what He says you are.
You have an inward image of that. He says I'm blessed. He says I'm prosperous. He said in Deuteronomy 28, 'I'll bless you coming in.
I'll bless you going out.'He said, 'I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.'Through Him, we can do all things. Why? Because He said we could.
But as long as you keep saying out of your mouth, 'out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.'The more you say it, the more you live it.
What you're living today is what you said several years ago.
What you're saying today is what you'll live tomorrow. Does that make sense, what I'm telling y'all? Life and death are in the power of your tongue.
So, you have to change how you see yourself and how you think about yourself, because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
And the more you say it, the more you live it. The more you think it, the more it gets down in your heart.
And out of the abundant overflow of it, the more you keep living it.
And you will not change your circumstances and what you're living tomorrow if you don't change your inward image of who you are.
You must change your inward image and how you see yourself. That's why I'm telling you, get an inward image of it.
Picture yourself successful. That's what the imagination is for.
Picture yourself. I picture myself with whatever I'm believing for. You know what you think about, you bring about. Yep.
What you think about, you bring about because the more you think it, the more you believe, the more you'll speak it.
And if you don't renew your mind to the Word of God and your thoughts to the Word of God—stinking thinking, garbage in, garbage out.
See yourself blessed. See yourself, because then it gets down inside of you and out of that overflow you speak it.
So if you're thinking about it, eventually you're going to speak it.
So you've got to renew your mind and stop thinking bad thoughts.
Remember the Bible says, 'Take no thought saying,'Brandon, that's what He said.
'Take no thought saying'this. Why? Because life and death are in the power of your tongue.
'Take no thought saying'it, because what you're going to say out of your mouth is what you're going to live tomorrow.
Every year at my birthday, I'm not going to be where I am right now. I said it so much.
I said, 'I will have this certain thing.'I said it all the time by the time I'm 40 years old.
And I got to 40 years old, and I was angry because I didn't have it yet.
But I had said it since I was in my 30s. But I'm not 45 yet. And two years later, it started to manifest.
And that's where I'm at right now doing YouTube because I was cleaning. I said, 'I'm going to be a preacher.
I'm going to do these things.'And people always told me, 'You're never going to do that.
I don't feel like you're called.'Even people that I respected that were my pastors said, 'We don't feel like you're called to do that.
You'll always be a janitor. You'll never do that.'Well, 'You'll never do it behind my platform.'So I say, 'Haters are going to hate.
I press on.'And we press on. I don't need them to approve of me; God did.
So the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, I want you to be a trendsetter. Call the people by praying and bringing prayer on YouTube.
Other people will follow.'I'm taking communion privately—you take communion privately on your time. 'I want you to practice what I've taught you.
Take communion in your house right now by yourself, and then we're going to come back and pray together, okay?
I want you to try it.'All right, let's get right into the river today.
Let's pray and seek Him and see if we have anything that He wants to show us.
If not, then we'll just close this thing out and you can go about your business. But I appreciate everybody praying with me every day.
I'm sorry if it seemed off about all the other stuff lately, but I was trying to let y'all into my world a little bit more, and I found out the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're talking to a lot of different people from everywhere, and in that, there's a lot of cultures that don't understand southern culture.
So I don't want to be a distraction. This is about Jesus. This channel is about Jesus.
It isn't about me anyway.'Okay, so let's just get right to prayer.
You ready? Let's pray together. So, Holy Spirit, we just pray. We sit here and we listen to you.
It's like my friend said to me, 'A lot of prayer is just being quiet.'It's not always about carrying on, always talking, but sometimes it's just being quiet.
Jesus was quiet. Get quiet before the Lord. Listen to the Lord and get quiet.
And so, I do that quiet time on my own time. When I'm driving around, I get quiet and I pray in the Spirit underneath it.
I just pray and just dance with Him and say, 'Father, I thank you.
We glorify your name in all the earth. We magnify your name in all the earth.
Oh Lord, we magnify you, we glorify you, and we thank you, Lord, for you're the risen King.
You are Master over everything. Jesus, we give you glory. Jesus, we give you honor.
And Jesus, we give you praise. Not our agenda. What's on your heart today, Master? You are my friend. You're my companion. I love you, Lord.
We are confidently trusting in the finished work of Jesus Christ today, that you took everything we ever need, everything our hopes, desires, what we long for.
You took it all. You paid the price for everyone to walk in victory today.
Thank you, Lord, for your healing. Thank you, Lord, for your deliverance.
Thank you, Father.'Be still and know He is God. We magnify you, Lord, and we lift up your wonderful name.
Thank you, Father, for you are beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words, too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of your love?
You are beautiful beyond description, majesty enthroned above.
I stand in awe of you. Holy God, to whom all praise is due, I stand in awe of you.
We stand in awe of you. We magnify you, Lord. We glorify you. See, there's something in the Spirit about worshiping Him today.
It's not always about just jumping in the river and praying. It's a dance. And today, I felt immediately to sing songs.
He said, 'Just give Him worth, for He inhabits the praises of His people.'And when the praises go up, the blessings come down.
And it's sitting at His feet. And there are so many times I just jump right in the river with you all because I'm in a hurry.
It's time; we've got work to do, you know? But when I was with this cup, communion, pray, dance, sing, it's just with Him.
And if all prayer is is a song and worship, then you did your job.
Prayer is communication. It's intimacy. It's not all just prayer, pray, pray.
Oh God, but we got work to do. War. This is what I'm trying to tell you all.
Prayer is like it's intimate. It's a talk, it's a conversation, and it's worship.
It's 'thank you'. So sometimes prayer is just quiet. Sometimes prayer is an inward quiet.
There's too much going on: too many phones, too many tablets, too much TV, too much radio.
Too much. Shush, now hush. He inhabits the praises of His people.
Oh, the glory of Your presence. We, Your people, give You reverence.
Arise from Your rest and be blessed by our praise, as Your glory now fills this place.
And all the glory of Your presence. We, Your people, give You reverence.
Arise from Your rest and be blessed by Your praise as we glory in Your embrace. I feel His presence.
Whatever you need in your body right now, just receive as His presence now fills this place.
Hallelujah. Oh, the glory of Your presence. We, Your people, give You reverence.
Arise from your rest and be blessed by Your praise as Your praise now fills this place.
Hallelujah. As Your presence now fills this place, silencing the loud voices.
So many voices, Lord. The loud people—we silence them all. We silence them all, Father.
'You're not good enough.''You're never going to make it.'We silence them all.
Father, we thank You, for You say we are more than conquerors through Him that is in Christ Jesus.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee.
Glory, Father. Thank You. Hallelujah for glory, glory, glory.
My eyes have seen the coming of the glory of the Lord. Do you believe it?
I believe it. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah.
When I was singing that song right there, I saw the patriotic things again.
I saw—I told you—the flag that looks like it's in Washington, D.C.
I was in Washington, D.C. immediately. I saw the White House.
I could see the flags. I saw the Fourth of July for a new Independence Day.
I heard Him say, 'for a new Independence Day,'but it's different—a new Independence Day, an Independence Day.
What are You saying, Father? My eyes have seen the coming of the glory of the Lord.
Everything is about to change. I see the glory. Everything is about to change for the glory.
A new Independence Day in Him, it's a new Independence Day, a world Independence Day.
It's for His bride, it's for His church, it's for His remnant. Believe Him for big.
Believe Him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think today.
Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on. His truth is marching on. I don't know what it is with that right now, but I feel the Holy presence.
Oh my goodness. There's something about this July. There's something about it.
June, July, June, July. A rebirthing of America. Watch June and July.
Now I'm seeing Israel. I see blue, I see the white, I see the Star of David.
I see the blue, I see the white. It's calling into prayer. A call to prayer, a call to prayer, a call to prayer.
I hear the sound of a call to prayer. It's like this is a pivotal paradigm shift. It's a paradigm shift, speaking into it.
What I saw last time about the stiff necks, praying over these people, interceding.
It's like you see two different things, two different outcomes, two different things: shakings, earthquakes, these devastations.
Now I see—it's wild because it's almost like a rebirthing. I see the coming, I hear the sound of a coming of the glory of the Lord.
With the remnant, it's like I could see crops. I see corn growing in fields right now.
I see fields that are fresh, full of corn. I see the harvest is plentiful—lots of corn right now. I'm seeing cornstalks full of corn.
Last time He said, 'I remind you of the four doves.'The four doves—they were circling, and they were circling together, and they were coming down, and they distributed out to all the people the glory.
It's about the glory. My eyes have seen the coming of the glory of the Lord.
I don't know the rest of the song; all I hear is 'glory, glory, hallelujah.'But I hear the song playing, but I don't make out the words.
And I'm sitting here and I can see the patrioticness. I can see the fresh green grass that's been cut.
I see trees. I'm in Washington, D.C. right now. And I see a calendar before me, and I see June and this military parade.
And I see patriotism going into July. And I hear a rebirthing.
I hear rebirthing in America. And I hear a rebirthing in America, and I actually see a baby. And on this baby, there's a blue ribbon wrapped around it.
The baby has no diaper or anything; it's wrapped in the ribbon, and it says 'United States of America'on this blue ribbon with silver letters that say 'America.''United States of America.'It's like silver glitter on a blue ribbon.
But the blue ribbon is beautiful, like a royal blue. Thank You, Holy Spirit. It's a royal blue, and it's covering the baby.
The silk is covering the baby, with a huge ribbon wrapped around the baby, and it goes up around the stomach. And the baby is wrapped in an American flag.
The baby's in the middle, and the flag is actually like it's ruffled up, and the baby's sitting in this flag.
And I see the stars and the stripes, and I see the blue, I see the red, and the baby's in the middle of this flag.
And it's at the White House—it's at the White House by where the steps go down.
And you see that national monument, the Washington Monument, I see it in the distance.
The baby's in America. I wonder what that's about. Decisions will be made.
Decisions will be made. I see Israel again, and I see the Star of David flag.
And there is a baby with the Star of David flag. I see an eagle, a bald-headed eagle in the middle over here. Okay.
So the baby, and there's a bald eagle, bald-headed eagle that's over the center of the flag and the baby by the Washington Monument.
It's over here, but it's faded out, transparent. You can see through it like a hologram, and it's looking and it's pointed out, and the baby's over here and the eagle's over here.
Okay. The window of opportunity. The window of opportunity.
I hear a window—the window that I keep talking about, the window of the wealth transfer, the window of this new dawning of a new era of time, AI, a new dawning of a new time, a window.
It's like a picture window, a frame, a decorative frame that you would get at Hobby Lobby, and it's wooden.
He said, 'Pray into this. Pray into this.'Do you understand?
We're steering a ship. You're praying into that. You want this—a birthing of America.
A new dawning, a new birthing of America for a window. This window of opportunity, a baby with Israel, a baby with America, a birthing.
Okay. It's me trying to show you a birthing, like a friendship, maybe they're like two babies.
Now I see fireworks, and they're above the eagle, and it's nighttime.
Thank You, Father. So many different directions, so many things.
Whenever it's like when you see these things, you see the stiff-necked—it's like praying into it, praying it to change, praying things to stop, praying a new birthing of America, a baby wrapped up in a red, white, and blue flag, praying for these things.
And He says, 'Pray into it.'So that's what I'm doing right now.
Okay? So, you just pray with me. I believe you'll show us more.
And because it kind of stalled there now, it's like it was when I saw the dam last time and it wasn't flowing, and then all of a sudden it broke.
The water broke and, can these bones live, remember? So, that's what we're going to do.
We're just going to sit here. We're going to camp here for a minute.
Okay. From sea to shining sea. I hear it. Oh, beautiful... I hear from sea to shining sea.
I see the Statue of Liberty. I see the Statue of Liberty. I see the Statue of Liberty. Now I see the Golden Gate Bridge.
From sea to shining sea, oh beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain, for purple mountains majesties above the fruited plains.
America, America, God shed his grace on thee. I hear it sing with a choir in the background right now.
I hear people singing it, with brotherhood from sea to shining sea. It's Ray Charles in there singing, too.
I know that may sound really interesting, folks, but I just tell you what I hear.
I see him. I'm hesitant to even say what I just saw. Restitution is coming to the Christian African-Americans.
It caused a lot of pain in the past, but I'm going back in time through Alabama, through Mississippi, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, all through up there.
And I see the African-Americans. I'm always so sensitive to people.
Brandon, he said, 'Brandon, that's history. You can't change the past.
You change the future.'It was wrong. You don't ignore it. I heard the spirit of the Lord say, 'You don't ignore it.
It's the history. Yes, it's painful.'That's why I heard the spirit of the Lord say, 'Yes, that's painful.
Those roots of hurt, things that are going to be uprooted right now. A rebirthing, it's like a fixing, do you see?
Like a washing of this.'The Lord says it's restitution, a restoring culture.
I would hear the African tongue, and I see the Underground Railroad.
I see an African-American woman with a bandana handkerchief on her head.
She has a white blouse on and I hear Underground Railroad. Who is this woman?
Diana, there's a woman and she has to do with the Underground Railroad, Tubman, and I see her face and it's right before me, and I see her.
The Lord's talking about this. The Lord's bringing healing here.
But in this new, there's something there. I'm in the spirit. I feel it. Now I see Abraham Lincoln. He is a tall man, Diana.
He was real tall above all these other heads and shoulders, like an average guy standing next to him right now.
I see him, and he's standing right here, and they're like up to his shoulders, and he's head and shoulders above them.
Lord, I thank you. We're praying into that now. I truly, folks, I do not know why the Lord just showed me this because I see the Confederate War.
And the Lord showed me the troops, and I could see their outfits.
I could see the patches on their arms, and their cries and their prayers were not forgotten.
The pain and the suffering that they went through is not forgotten.
The Lord says the heartache and what they went through has not been forgotten.
The Lord says, 'For what was wrong, I'm going to turn around right.'Yes, freedom came, but the pain still remained. Deep roots in a lot of people.
I'm going into these wooden buildings and wooden shacks, and I see them praying, and their prayers still echo before the Father.
And for the past of the ancestors, there's a special anointing of restitution on this generation that's coming out of the spirit for things that have not been forgotten.
It's not pushed under a rug like we want to bury it. I see a rug, and it's pushed over, and I see somebody taking a dustpan and pushing under the rug.
'Move on, move on.'But it's not pushed under the rug, the dirt.
Healing, taking the rug and pulling it off and dealing with the dirt underneath the rug. Dealing with the dirt. Dealing with the pain.
Okay, I see the throne room, and the prayers of those African-American people in these camps, I see them coming up, and they're going around the Father's throne.
And He said, 'The prayers and the suffering of these people still echo before my ears.
I have not forgotten this. I have not forgotten this.'He says, 'And I am bringing restitution, a restoration.
Tell them this.'He said many of this generation don't understand it.
But the elders, the '80s, the '90s, the segregation, the things, the pain that came out of it.
He says, 'I'm bringing a restoration, a healing of the hearts, a healing of the minds, a healing, a washing of things.
But not only this, I see a financial restitution, a financial, it's almost like what they didn't get paid, a bringing back on your generation what your ancestors didn't reap.'Does that make sense, what I'm trying to say to you?
I see financial restitution. 'Claim it.'I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Claim it in the name of Jesus.'Say that.
But I see the Lord takes me there, and I'm in the camps. I'm in these places.
I see little fires. I see tattered clothes, tattered chains on people.
I see very hurtful things, treated awful. My goodness, what do you say about some of this stuff?
And I know it's the past, but the Lord says, 'We don't bury it.
We learn from it. You don't ignore it.'But it's the prayers.
It's the prayers. I don't know how long, how many years this went on. I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm ignorant.
But the prayers of the suffering, I hear them singing, 'Oh, Jesus.'God, people go through so much.
This is bad. So much pain still there. And it's passed down from generation to generation.
And the Lord wants to deal with this, making a wrong right, making a wrong right.
Most people say, 'Well, it's not that way anymore. Why don't you leave it alone?'It still hurts in the spirit realm.
I see it. And the Lord says, 'I'm going to bring restoration.
I'm bringing restitution.'I hear the word restitution. Restitution is what the spirit of the Lord is saying today.
And the younger generation don't get it as much, that's what I'm trying to say.
It's the elders. I see elderly African-American men and women watching this channel. This is like you.
You might be in your 70s, 60s, and you understand it more—the racial segregation, the 50s, the 40s, the trash. It still was very fresh.
And the Lord said that persecution and that racial trash, the racial trash, man, the racial hurt, Alabama, these areas, it's still very fresh and it still hurts inside of the elders.
I see this, and it goes clear even back before the generation when, I mean, this is quite a while, 1800s, 1700s.
This is painful, and the Lord said, 'I heard the cries of my people in those camps, those wooden houses.'I see wooden houses, I see fires, and I see wooden benches.
I see wooden chairs around these fires, and they were singing songs to the Father, like having their own church service, believing for freedom, believing for the pain to go away.
And some of them never saw it. And it's those that He's saying, the ones that died by the grave that never saw it, that were believing for it and tasted freedom. He said that generation has not been forgotten.
The pain and the suffering they went through, He said, 'I have not forgotten this, and I'm bringing restitution if you'll claim it for your ancestors.'I call financial restitution.
Everything not out of anger but out of what belongs to me. Because the Bible says, 'We wrestle not against flesh and blood.'We wrestle against principalities.
It's demonic spirits that were influencing people to be stupid like that.
It doesn't make it right. Back pay—that's what I'm hearing Him say: back pay, back pay.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, "I'm into back pay, Brandon, with interest.
With interest."That's what I heard. He said, "With interest."That was cool.
He said, "With interest."Brandon, there's something fixing to happen.
God's going to pour out His Spirit on another level. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, baby.
Glory to God. Holy Spirit, is there anything else You want to say to this?
Oh my goodness, it's interesting. I see the stars right now.
There's no light pollution—just a beautiful, starry night, clear skies, beautiful.
Looking at the North Star, looking at the Big Dipper. Now I'm in downtown New York.
I'm on Wall Street, but clear back in the early stages of Wall Street.
I see streetcars. I see old Model T Fords. There's not even real pavement; it looks like bricks.
It's Times Square. I'm back there now. I went straight to the future, and I see that gypsy cart coming down the street again.
The gypsy cart is tipping back and forth, and it's out of control.
There is a fire in the middle of the gypsy cart, and all the people have disappeared.
There are no people in Times Square, and it's going right up there in the middle of downtown.
The gypsy cart has no horse in front of it. The gypsy cart is not being steered by anything other than itself, and it's rocking.
Lord, I want to make sense of it. What is all that? What do You show me this gypsy cart for again?
Why are they in Times Square? Why was I there and then brought to the future, and now I'm looking at things?
What is it about that and the African-American people, and what is all this?
Lord, I know You're not a God of confusion; You're a God of order. And I thank You, Father.
He said, "I'm painting you a picture."That's what He just said to me.
"I'm painting you a picture."Thank You, Father. Glory to Your name, Father.
The Industrial Revolution—I'm hearing it again. It's how things have progressed.
Wall Street, New York changing, all the old Model Ts, and it's growing, and things are changing.
The Industrial Revolution changed America. Things have changed in America. Do you hear all these things?
A new rebirthing, He says, of a brand-new America, a new way of growth, a greater glory, but restitution of the people from the past who were slaves.
He says, "I'm painting this to you, Brandon."Everything is... I went clear back to the founding fathers.
I see it all, but He said the pain of the past has not been forgotten in this new birthing of a new baby, and all these things that are about to take place.
He painted the picture. I saw the African-Americans in this, and I saw the Civil War—the troops and the fighting.
I could see Abraham Lincoln. I could see, you know, it's an extension of Benjamin Franklin's vision going to New York.
And I could see right then, I was looking and I could see the Empire State Building being built.
They were building it, and I could see everything being built around it and making New York great.
But then I could see a gypsy cart, and I was thinking, "Why do I see this gypsy cart?"It was rocking.
There's something symbolic about that gypsy cart with New York.
And I could see the Golden Gate Bridge, and I could see it being painted red, and I could see all the things happening, and America becoming what it is, from sea to sea, and I could hear the people singing.
And it all comes to where we are right now, as America. There's dirtiness upon the land.
Dirty dirtiness, but a new wave of My presence and all that you just saw, Brandon—a new wave, a birthing of a new thing, a great end-time revival.
He said, "I'm going to visit America one more time."A great shaking to awaken.
It was the history of America being displayed in front of my face from the beginning.
All of it is a story. You don't forget your past; you don't bury it. You learn from it, and there's restitution.
With all of these things I'm seeing, He says, "I'm bringing a new birthing of the glory, and I will visit America one more time."I saw a picture frame, an old country-looking picture frame.
He said, "I'm giving you a window."I hear it again—a new industrial revolution, a golden age, a golden window.
People say, "How long does that window last?"He said, "Don't worry about it."That's what He just said.
I heard Him say, "Don't worry about it,"because instantaneously, I just said, "Lord, how long is that window to last?"He said, "Don't worry about it."He's getting some things done.
He's turning some wrongs into some rights. That's what I heard Him say: "I'm turning some wrongs into some rights."Glory to God.
And this must be birthed out of prayer. Of course it does, Father.
Of course. I love You. We will do it. We are doing it, Father. We are working together, aren't we?
We're a family. Well, hallelujah! That's what He had for today.
Hallelujah! Aren't you glad you showed up today? That was interesting. I enjoyed that. I love the journeys He takes me on.
I say, "Okay, well, where are we going to go today?"Well, we're going to go into some things that hurt.
That was hard. You know, I could write a book on some of these things that I see.
I was in those camps with those African-American people on those logs, singing.
They were singing old folklore songs, those old songs, Diana, and I could see them.
Beautiful. It was tough. It's like that songbook I have. Oh God, Diana, it was tough.
I could see little children; it was awful. People were treated so badly in the past by stupid men.
But God is a rewarder. He is a restorer of the cankerworm. He said, "Call for that.
Call for it."I heard Him say, "Call for that restitution in your household for your past ancestors'suffering."He said, "Call.
I will allow this. Call that financial with interest."Now, I don't know what that would be, but my goodness, that's millions.
Call it forth! He's turning a wrong right. He's a rewarder. He is an amazing God, and He loves His people.
But you see, people say, "Well, how come that went on so long?"It comes out of prayer, right?
Prayer—pinpoint, targeted prayer, not begging, but believing believers.
God is moved by our faith, not by our need. Does that make sense?
So, whenever you're going in the spirit realm, it's all legalistic.
The devil is a jackrabbit. That's what he is; he's a jackrabbit.
And I'm so thankful that God is a rewarder and He is a restorer of what the cankerworm did.
I was ending the video, and the Lord instantaneously said, "I'm not done."He said, "For the brothers and sisters of the American Indians, I'm on the Trail of Tears with you."I see the Trail of Tears, and He said there was a lot of wrong, and He is about to bring restitution and restoration for that, too.
He said on the Trail of Tears, there was much suffering for the American Indians, and they felt they had been forgotten.
Yes, they've had some tribal lands and things like that, but there's not been complete restoration, great pain from the ancestors.
And I saw men and women all in a single-file line coming on the Trail of Tears coming across.
And I saw snow on the ground. I could see snow. I could see they were in their Indian garments.
I could see the headdresses. I could see it. But they were being driven there by soldiers on horses. I could see it.
And the Lord said to me, "Don't forget about the American Indian, Brandon."When I was ending the video, I saw my wife.
She's American Indian, almost full. And I looked at her, and the Lord said, "Don't forget about the American Indian."And I looked at my wife.
God bless you all. I hope this video blessed you today. I'm going to ask you to subscribe.
If you're new here and you've never subscribed, please subscribe.
Let's get this thing up to 600,000. Thumbs up it, Diana. Thank you.
Thumbs up the video. Click the notification bell, and all the things.
You can say something nice down below. I don't know, that's what I have for you today.
We'll be back again tomorrow. The Lord wants us to pray. So thank you for joining me today.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.